Our next exercise is again, just doing
the exact same thing we did earlier,
except we're doing it for
the restock method.
So similar to what you did with dispense,
you're taking that restock method.
And you're adding an action, and mutation,
and then you're dispatching the action.
For this particular exercise, I hope
that that was fairly straightforward.
But we're gonna go over it together
very similar to what we did before, but
slightly different.
I'll live coded just so
that you actually see the steps
that I'm going through to do it.
And then if you haven't done it or
you still need to take your time,
feel free to follow along.
I have a restock method and
I want it to dispatch a specific action.
So I'm gonna do this .$store.dispatch.
And then I'm calling restock.
And then let me go up to my action,
and I'm gonna create a restock action.
It takes in a default context.
I'm gonna commit that particular stock.
So I'm gonna commit that mutation and
then now I need to create
the mutation itself.
So it's just doing equals 40.
So all it's doing now is just
essentially restocking back to 40.
So let's see if that works.
It's always a gamble, so obviously
restock can't be restocked if you're 40.
I disabled that cuz it
doesn't make sense for
you to click that button
if it's already at the top.
So I'm gonna dispense a bit which
frees up that particular button, and
then when I click restock, it restocks.
So it works, great.
Congratulations.
This is your first introduction to UX.
And using UX, and using a store,
dispatching actions, committing mutations.